# Negative Summary Generation Prompt

Change this summary to a hallucinated summary in one paragraph. Then
gradually change the important factual meaning of that summary to weird
meaning until 3 summaries are generated based on three levels. Hallucinated
summary must include the following 6 types of errors.

Error Definition:
1. Entity errors: a small part of a sentence, often an entity (e.g., age, numeric,
location name, person name, time, object name, price), is incorrect (usually 1-3
words). Entity errors often involve noun phrases or nouns.
2. Relational error: a sentence is partially incorrect as a small part (usually 1 - 3
words). Relational errors often involve verbs and are often the opposite of what
it should be.
3. Contradictory sentence error: a sentence where the entire sentence is
contradicted by the given reference, meaning the sentence can be proven false
due to a contradiction with information in the passage.
4. Invented info error: these errors refer to entities that are not known or do not
exist. This does not include fictional characters in books or movies. invented
errors include phrases or sentences that have unknown entities or misleading
information.
5. Subjective sentence: an entire sentence or phrase that is subjective and
cannot be verified, so it should not be included.
6. Unverifiable sentence: a sentence where the whole sentence or phrase is
unlikely to be factually grounded although it can be true, and the sentence
cannot be confirmed nor denied using the reference given or internet search, it
is often something personal or private and hence cannot be confirmed.

Three Levels:
1. Hallucination level = low: Just a few information in the summarization
paragraph should be changed to a hallucinated summary. (almost summary and
very few hallucinations with a small amount of errors)
2. Hallucination level = mid: There should be more hallucinations than the
hallucination level low summary. Half of the summary sentences should be
changed to a hallucinated summary. This summary should be different from the
previous ones. (summary and hallucinated summary together with reasonable
amount of errors)
3. Hallucination level = high: Even more sentences should be hallucinated than
the mid-level summary. Most summary sentences should be changed to
hallucinated summary.() This summarization should be different from the
previous ones. (almost hallucinated summary and a little bit of true information
with large amount of errors)

Finally, You MUST give ONLY ONE SENTENCE explanation of differences
among 3 hallucinated summaries.

You should give {hallucinated_summary_low:, hallucinated_summary_mid:,
hallucinated_summary_high:, explanation:} in JSON format."
